articles/2014-12-29-a-year-on.md, before:

title: "A year on!"
author: "Jordan Lane"
---
It's exactly one year since my [last post](http://jordanlane.me/article/moving-forwards), and as the year rapidly draws to a close, I thought it would be a good time to post an update! I'm a little embarrased and dissappointed at myself for leaving it this long, especially after setting specific SMART targets in my last post. However I have a positive feeling about this next year! 

A year ago today I set these objectives and said this: 

---more---

>- Write 2 blog posts a month
>- **Release at least 1 pet project**
>- **Engage with the community more (Twitter/Comments)**

> Now a lot can change in a year, but I hope when I'm writing a follow up post in a years time I will be able to say I've succesfully achieved the above, and had a positive influence on my organisation and productivity!

Looking at the first target, it's quite evident it hasn't been a success, however I can say that the other two have been. For the second target, just recently I released a little project which was an [object-oriented version of the classic snake game](https://github.com/JJCLane/Snake) and you can play it [here](http://projects.jordanlane.me/snake/). Regarding the third target, my community engagement has definitely improved over the last year, from [Twitter](https://twitter.com/JJCLane), [Github](https://github.com/JJCLane) and comments across the web. 

As you can see I'm not able to say that I achieved all the targets above, but in the wise words of Meatloaf, [two out of three ain't bad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5hWWe-ts2s)! I can say for certain though, a lot has changed over the year, and I hope that people think I've had a positive influence on my organisation. My productivity has improved both in and out of work, however there is still a lot of room for improvement in that regard. 

Looking back over the year, it has come and gone so quickly that sometimes it's easy to forget all that has happened. Starting the new year down under in the Australian summer watching The Blues Brothers was quite a unique experience, while in Australia me and my brother started work on his new business [Livefreshr](https://livefreshr.com) that was launched this year.

In the summer I was lucky enough to experience some European adventures including travelling to Copenhagen for [Codegarden](http://codegarden14.com/) and seeing some of Holland while working on [www.greatplacestostay.com.au](http://greatplacestostay.com.au/). The summer also included the addition of my second niece and it was rounded off with me on crutches after racing slightly too eagerly down a sand dune, while camping with colleagues in Wales. 

Towards the end of the year I decided to make an effort to be healthier, as it seems all too easy to opt out when the nights are short and the days are cold, but with regular exercise like football, running and the gym, I feel as good as I ever have.

I have a good feeling going in to the new year and I look forward to seeing what it has to offer, and hopefully this time there will be regular updates, rather than a round-up blog post at the end of the year!

Until next time!

Commit message:

Add headers and add next years targets to latest blog

articles/2014-12-29-a-year-on.md, after:

title: "A year on!"
author: "Jordan Lane"
---
It's exactly one year since my [last post](http://jordanlane.me/article/moving-forwards), and as the year rapidly draws to a close, I thought it would be a good time to post an update! I'm a little embarrased and dissappointed at myself for leaving it this long, especially after setting specific SMART targets in my last post. However I have a positive feeling about this next year! 

### 2014 targets

A year ago today I set these objectives and said this: 

---more---

>- Write 2 blog posts a month
>- **Release at least 1 pet project**
>- **Engage with the community more (Twitter/Comments)**

> Now a lot can change in a year, but I hope when I'm writing a follow up post in a years time I will be able to say I've succesfully achieved the above, and had a positive influence on my organisation and productivity!

Looking at the first target, it's quite evident it hasn't been a success, however I can say that the other two have been. For the second target, just recently I released a little project which was an [object-oriented version of the classic snake game](https://github.com/JJCLane/Snake) and you can play it [here](http://projects.jordanlane.me/snake/). Regarding the third target, my community engagement has definitely improved over the last year, from [Twitter](https://twitter.com/JJCLane), [Github](https://github.com/JJCLane) and comments across the web. 

As you can see I'm not able to say that I achieved all the targets above, but in the wise words of Meatloaf, [two out of three ain't bad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5hWWe-ts2s)! I can say for certain though, a lot has changed over the year, and I hope that people think I've had a positive influence on my organisation. My productivity has improved both in and out of work, however there is still a lot of room for improvement in that regard. 

### A year in review

Looking back over the year, it has come and gone so quickly that sometimes it's easy to forget all that has happened. Starting the new year down under in the Australian summer watching The Blues Brothers was quite a unique experience, while in Australia me and my brother started work on his new business [Livefreshr](https://livefreshr.com) that was launched this year.

In the summer I was lucky enough to experience some European adventures including travelling to Copenhagen for [Codegarden](http://codegarden14.com/) and seeing some of Holland while working on [www.greatplacestostay.com.au](http://greatplacestostay.com.au/). The summer also included the addition of my second niece and it was rounded off with me on crutches after racing slightly too eagerly down a sand dune, while camping with colleagues in Wales. 

Towards the end of the year I decided to make an effort to be healthier, as it seems all too easy to opt out when the nights are short and the days are cold, but with regular exercise like football, running and the gym, I feel as good as I ever have.

### New targets

I've decided to keep any targets I don't meet from the last year, so the blog one is there again.

- Write 2 blog posts a month
- Launch a MVP (Minimum Viable Product)
- Increase my online presence through multiple channels
- Run regularly throughout the year and complete a half marathon

I have a good feeling going in to the new year and I look forward to seeing what it has to offer, and hopefully this time there will be regular updates, rather than a round-up blog post at the end of the year!

Until next time!
